In this short video we’ll
talk about how Meltwater
helped Danone using sentiment analysis.
Meltwater is a company
that helps other companies
analyze what people are saying about
them and manage their online reputation.
One of the case studies on their
website is about Danone baby nutrition.
Meltwater helped Danone to monitor
the opinions through social media for
one of their marketing campaigns.
They were able to measure what
was impactful and what was not,
through such monitoring.
Meltwater also helped Danone manage
a potential reputation issue.
When a crisis occurred
related to horse DNA
being in some meat products across Europe.
While Danone was confident that they
didn't have an issue with their products,
having the information a couple of
hours before news hit the UK press.
Allowed them to check and
reassure their customers that their
products were safe to consume.
You can imagine millions of mothers
having been reassured and happy for
Danone's efforts on this.
This is an excellent story about how
big data helped manage public opinion.
And I'm sure Meltwater was able to help
them to measure the opinion impact through
social media as well.